Dear diary,
5 moths back in the 2020 I worte my first code on paper.
actually i am a pysical man i play more in my free time but there comes covid which made me physicslly unfit but mentally strong.
the sports which we used to play together physically became virtual with the gaming characters which made us addict to it beacuse it provided every thing that a group of friends can do which made it a highly profitable and addictive thing in covid.
as you all know the situation of us such that we are living in a virtual by leaving the original which made every sibling and paranet angry on us but for us it's a virtual kind of meetup to us at that time.
So,one day my sister came to me and said stop plyaing this non-sense and concentrate on your studies as always i here her words with ear phones in my ears and actlike i didn't here any thing.but  this time she changed her script she used a word called coding.
as her new tric workedout and made me to remove my earphones myself.Util then i heared that word many times but first time from my sister's mouth witch made me curious about what acually it is.
so that me myself removed my earphones(sri chaithanya tricks never reamin back@sis)and asked her what is coding she explained it and sai about some intersting langugagues(not like telugu hindietc..)which grabbed my attention.
The actual thing which made me start learning coding was my sister's fear of coding yes!her fear is my first step beacause she is like campion at every stage of studies in here carrer but feared of coding.so this made me to do some research abot coding and fallow through it.
but i don't know that programmng feels that good to me such that i left my bgmi for hours and do it.
the actual reason why liked coding is ot onsists of less mathimatical caluclations(i am pissed of of it from my intermidiate)and more of logic because for a intermidiate passedout everything will be cool except,DC panday,SHERMA,HC VARMA @onion books.
and the actual journey started in the college my mim and dad got me a laptop which made to run bigger games for longer time@gta and this 84 thousand asus made me to really look deep into the coding after a month of gaming.
In my first sem I learned python it actually gave me more confidence to think deep into it and touched some html at the end because of the atmosphere around me later in at the end of the sem I left it to concentatre on my sem so that i lost my flow in both the languages.
and later realised webdevelopment is not as easy as it appears to us it's like a oyasis@some exmaple create.
I think you still have a question why should we read whole this mess??and the answer is the new start is going to come with some impactful things which requires your suggestions in middle of it so that i can feel that i am right or wrong.
Hence,me waiting for my new start and talking to my self and questioning myself !!Wakeup,imagine your self what to do,so that the original me@bobby(a wild char)comes out from @hemanth(mean and lean char)
Mean while Dr.strange from multivere reading and confused about the hemanthbobby concept @don't worry mr.it's just like the mirror world