a broken heart is all that's left before feb 14th.
Maybe feb 13th annagne couples andaru 
(I have a box full of surprises for you, but the ones you will love the most are your lips. I can’t wait to give it to you. Happy kissing day
Every time I kiss you, it feels like I’m in you and I can feel your soul in me.)
ilanti nibba nibbi quotes share chesukoni practicle ga try cheyatam lo busy ga untaru or else repu em cheyalo anna planning lo mungipoyi untaru.
but where as we who wokedup at 10:00 AM and went to eat tiffn without having brush(that's sounds odd(embarising) but it's a fact)
we people wanted to go to a movie and when we tried to book the tickets fr the movie all tickets are booked in the theatre except 2 corners seats in the theatre so we booked them.
veedenti intha feel avuthunnadu. girl friend tho potunna anukokandi girl friend ayyiuntey bagundu ani meeku cheputhunna that's it.
Later me and my friend went to the movie and thouroughly enjoyed the comedy timming of the hero.Movie is one of the entertainer which never stops our laugh until the movie ends.
Night time kadha show ayyipoyey sariki tinataniki oka manchi restaurent ki google lo vethiki vellam as always google thalli snakichindhi mamalni.
chudatiniki restaruent bane unna ah barrers soodhi soodhi chesaru imagine waiting for a single plate of bririyani for 30 min which doesn't has any taste (edhi 1st debba chinnadhey)
Later on the way to college we went to the bustand which doen't contain a single bus which goes to guntur.
we took it lite because we thought even city autos goes will come to vignan university from tenali with some low price.
but that low price is 300 for them and tried to convince us to give 200 with a example of taking 1 litre=100rs.
as we are the profficinal stundents of dr.venkayya malapti bro  we guessed it's a scam so we left that place moved to the city main roads without any idea( idhi 2nd debba)

Ater a few minutes of dilama we both cameup with a idea to use the technology@ola,uber.
so that we instralled them (inko daridram entii antey download chesey madyalo 90% of your data is completed ani msg vachindhi).
Uber app open cheygane pakkaki elli auko ani direct ga chepeysindhi.Ola kasepu hadavidi chesi oka number pampindhi vallani contact chesthey service time ayyipoyindhi annaru.
But maa friend okkaru unnaru kanukoni cheputha annaru.tharuvatha call lift cheyapoyeysariki
memu alternate vethukotaniki gooogle maps lo enruto to viganan ani kotti by walk petti start ayyam(2hr 9 minapprox by walk ani chupinchindhi adhi verey vishyam)
but on the way after walking 200m we found a auto which is going to tenali so we sat in it.(3rd debba)

actually it's not a auto ride it's a rollercoster ride(our situationwas like brmhanadham in that rollercoster ride).
I wondered how he made auto as a flight on road.thankgod there's no traffic on that road.
one of my friend confirmed himself that auto driver is drunk and shouted to stop the auto
and the auto stopped every one in the auto came out to get into a new soure of travel another auto came in minutes so all of us shifted into it.
drunk driver is coming towards us like a zombie while we sat on back of the another.(4th debba)
but from single boys u should never expect that. 
maybe you are in a cofusion that its all good but what's the link between title and the content. 
At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the singles sleep,Couples will awake to life and freedom. 
A day comes, which comes but once in year, when we step out from the house to the college, when an age ends, and when the souls of a couples unite.
I stayedup with my broken phone and heart(favorite phone kadha untadhi lendi).
